sys.fn_dblog_xtp.AllocUnitId
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.AllocUnitName
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Article ID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Begin Time
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Beginlog Status
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Bulk allocated extent count
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Bulk allocated extent ids
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Bulk allocation first IAM Page ID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Bulk AllocUnitId
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Bulk RowsetId
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Byte Offset
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Bytes Freed
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Checkpoint Begin
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Checkpoint End
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.CHKPT Begin DB Version
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.CHKPT End DB Version
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.CI Index Id
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.CI Table Id
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Column Offset
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Command
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Command Type
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Compression Info
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Compression Log Type
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Context
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.CopyVerionInfo Source Page Id
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.CopyVerionInfo Source Page LSN
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.CopyVerionInfo Source Slot Count
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.CopyVerionInfo Source Slot Id
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Current LSN
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Database Name
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Description
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Dirty Pages
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.End AGE
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.End Time
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.File ID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.File Status
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.FileGroup ID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Flag Bits
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Flags
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Format LSN
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.InvalidateCache Id
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.InvalidateCache keys
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Last Distributed Backup End LSN
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Last Distributed End LSN
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Lock Information
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Log Record
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Log Record Fixed Length
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Log Record Length
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Log Reserve
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.LogBlockGeneration
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Logical Name
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.LSN before writes
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Mark Name
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Master DBID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Master XDESID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Max XDESID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Meta Status
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Minimum LSN
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Modify Size
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.New Size
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.New Split Page
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.New Value
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.NewAllocUnitId
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.newrow_data
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.newrow_datasize
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.newrow_identity
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Next Replicated End LSN
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Num Elements
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Num Transactions
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Number of Locks
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Offset
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Offset in Row
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Old Size
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Old Value
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Oldest Active LSN
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Oldest Active Transaction ID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Oldest Replicated Begin LSN
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.oldrow_begin_timestamp
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.oldrow_identity
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.oldrow_key_data
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.oldrow_key_datasize
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Operation
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.operation_desc
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Page ID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.PageFormat FormatOption
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.PageFormat PageFlags
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.PageFormat PageLevel
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.PageFormat PageStat
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.PageFormat PageType
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Pages Written
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Parent Transaction ID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Partial Status
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.PartitionId
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Physical Name
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Prepare Time
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Preplog Begin LSN
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Previous LSN
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Previous Page LSN
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Previous Savepoint
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Publication ID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Repl CSN
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Repl Epoch
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Repl Flags
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Repl Min Hold LSN
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Repl Msg
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Repl Partition ID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Repl Source Commit Time
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Replicated Records
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Rowbits Bit Count
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Rowbits Bit Value
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Rowbits First Bit
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.RowFlags
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.RowLog Contents 0
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.RowLog Contents 1
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.RowLog Contents 2
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.RowLog Contents 3
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.RowLog Contents 4
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.RowLog Contents 5
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Rows Deleted
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.RowsetId
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Savepoint Name
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Server Name
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Server UID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Slot ID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.SPID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.table_id
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Tag Bits
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Text Size
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.TextPtr
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.total_size
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Transaction Begin
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Transaction ID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Transaction Name
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Transaction SID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.tx_end_timestamp
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Virtual Clock
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.VLFs added
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Xact ID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Xact Node ID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Xact Node Local ID
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.Xact Type
sys.fn_dblog_xtp.xtp_description