sys.fn_dump_dblog.AllocUnitId
sys.fn_dump_dblog.AllocUnitName
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Article ID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Begin Time
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Beginlog Status
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Bulk allocated extent count
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Bulk allocated extent ids
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Bulk allocation first IAM Page ID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Bulk AllocUnitId
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Bulk RowsetId
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Byte Offset
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Bytes Freed
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Checkpoint Begin
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Checkpoint End
sys.fn_dump_dblog.CHKPT Begin DB Version
sys.fn_dump_dblog.CHKPT End DB Version
sys.fn_dump_dblog.CI Index Id
sys.fn_dump_dblog.CI Table Id
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Column Offset
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Command
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Command Type
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Compression Info
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Compression Log Type
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Context
sys.fn_dump_dblog.CopyVerionInfo Source Page Id
sys.fn_dump_dblog.CopyVerionInfo Source Page LSN
sys.fn_dump_dblog.CopyVerionInfo Source Slot Count
sys.fn_dump_dblog.CopyVerionInfo Source Slot Id
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Current LSN
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Database Name
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Description
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Dirty Pages
sys.fn_dump_dblog.End AGE
sys.fn_dump_dblog.End Time
sys.fn_dump_dblog.File ID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.File Status
sys.fn_dump_dblog.FileGroup ID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Flag Bits
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Flags
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Format LSN
sys.fn_dump_dblog.InvalidateCache Id
sys.fn_dump_dblog.InvalidateCache keys
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Last Distributed Backup End LSN
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Last Distributed End LSN
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Lock Information
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Log Record
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Log Record Fixed Length
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Log Record Length
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Log Reserve
sys.fn_dump_dblog.LogBlockGeneration
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Logical Name
sys.fn_dump_dblog.LSN before writes
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Mark Name
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Master DBID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Master XDESID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Max XDESID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Meta Status
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Minimum LSN
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Modify Size
sys.fn_dump_dblog.New Size
sys.fn_dump_dblog.New Split Page
sys.fn_dump_dblog.New Value
sys.fn_dump_dblog.NewAllocUnitId
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Next Replicated End LSN
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Num Elements
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Num Transactions
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Number of Locks
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Offset
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Offset in Row
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Old Size
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Old Value
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Oldest Active LSN
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Oldest Active Transaction ID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Oldest Replicated Begin LSN
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Operation
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Page ID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.PageFormat FormatOption
sys.fn_dump_dblog.PageFormat PageFlags
sys.fn_dump_dblog.PageFormat PageLevel
sys.fn_dump_dblog.PageFormat PageStat
sys.fn_dump_dblog.PageFormat PageType
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Pages Written
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Parent Transaction ID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Partial Status
sys.fn_dump_dblog.PartitionId
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Physical Name
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Prepare Time
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Preplog Begin LSN
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Previous LSN
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Previous Page LSN
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Previous Savepoint
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Publication ID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Repl CSN
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Repl Epoch
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Repl Flags
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Repl Min Hold LSN
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Repl Msg
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Repl Partition ID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Repl Source Commit Time
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Replicated Records
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Rowbits Bit Count
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Rowbits Bit Value
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Rowbits First Bit
sys.fn_dump_dblog.RowFlags
sys.fn_dump_dblog.RowLog Contents 0
sys.fn_dump_dblog.RowLog Contents 1
sys.fn_dump_dblog.RowLog Contents 2
sys.fn_dump_dblog.RowLog Contents 3
sys.fn_dump_dblog.RowLog Contents 4
sys.fn_dump_dblog.RowLog Contents 5
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Rows Deleted
sys.fn_dump_dblog.RowsetId
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Savepoint Name
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Server Name
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Server UID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Slot ID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.SPID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Tag Bits
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Text Size
sys.fn_dump_dblog.TextPtr
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Transaction Begin
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Transaction ID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Transaction Name
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Transaction SID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Virtual Clock
sys.fn_dump_dblog.VLFs added
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Xact ID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Xact Node ID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Xact Node Local ID
sys.fn_dump_dblog.Xact Type